I have already thought of a countermeasure to get back Lu Enterprises
You are now a small manager
What can be done?
Ju Qianyun's life is in danger
Forget it.
Believe it or not, I'll kill you now.
What's the hurry, we won't really hurt him
My sister will hate me
I can't help you.
Are you really willing to give up your beloved sister?
Of course she's not.
Help me become the president of Lu Enterprises
Death on land
Lu Qianyu
Of course it is
One last collaboration
We each get what we want
Pastoral instructions to run without leaving an inch
Paige, I'm fine, I'm just going out to get some air
You can go back.
Don't run around
Let me take this.
Miss Gu, something happened to Xiao Rui, what happened to Xiao Rui?
Mr. Gu went to the warehouse for inspection
I was accidentally hit by the goods.
Is there any baggage danger?
Anyway, the doctor is saving it now
Sorry. Okay.